what is up DC fans it's Tommy rooms
indie comics here and today you were
checking out some new videos on my
channel batman arkham night isn't over
but it's time to move on to new news
about you know the DC Universe and Sanyo
comic-con just started today it is july
9th throughout the weekend you're going
to be getting tons of Batman you know
these Superman news Suicide Squad news
tons of DC TV news it's gonna be really
exciting so what I got for you today are
a few pictures and a really HD look at
what the Trinity suits are gonna look
like in Batman V Superman first one
you're looking at right now is it up and
closed personal look at the Batman armor
suit we got the glowing eyes damn this
looks nice don't know here that's really
missing is a Batman chest piece you know
with the course the bat symbol but when
you look at this you can't say wow
that's that corset bat me and it looks
so much like him so the second one just
more of a farther view got a chest piece
everything looks extremely armored
really close to the comic books I mean
they are sticking very close like this
this is pull like right from the Dark
Knight Returns it's it's awesome it
really looks nice it's not Oh No
overdone too much I mean he definitely
looks like he can move this isn't like
The Karate type Batman this is
definitely a soup that is meant to fight
Superman but it looks beautiful I mean
you can already tell it looks a little
beat up to so now we've got a farther
review this is basically like the entire
suit itself we're missing the back piece
which you will see in a different
picture with the sword which is I think
made of kryptonite damn mmm I love the
suit so much it looks so awesome like
I'm just oh I can't believe this is like
actually happening it's ridiculous let's
move on to the next picture this is the
plain old Batman soup this is definitely
one of the suits that you can say okay
he could do a few flips in this you know
it looks very nice I love the bat symbol
it's just so Beth bad suit we have seen
so far it
the best Batsuit ever we're not ever
gonna get a better Batsuit this is so
much better than the Nolan series so
much better than everything we got in
the past this is truly Batman right here
I love it I love it you get the gray to
the dark I mean only thing it could be
missing is possibly some like dark blue
in there but I'm not even complaining
this is too beautiful i love it so much
now we got wonder woman's costume this
is just beautiful I mean it really just
showed that it's a lot brighter than we
felt you know it was actually gonna be
the red the gold and the blue makes
perfectly together you can obviously see
that she's wearing and you know sporting
not only is she supporting her sword or
I think he's that I always thought like
is that Batman sword in the back or I
guess that is Wonder Woman's sword but
she also has her lasso truth and it
looks like yeah that is a wonder woman
chest piece like kind of like a belt
area umm this is nice this is a sick one
woman costume it's just so close to the
comic books it this is like the classic
one woman costume right here this is a
farther view of the Wonder Woman costume
we got the whole thing like i was saying
her sword her shield and her lasso just
the fact that it's in this is all i need
like I mean if they just like took out
like the lasso truth or something I'd be
so pissed off but the fact that they
have all those weapons is just like yeah
mm-hmm this is very satisfying and now
we have the last picture I wish we got
more of the Superman suit honestly it
looks alright I'm the only thing I
really want to compliment is the fact
that it's very bright but I loved the
picture that we got a suit man because
he looked a lot bigger like muscle wise
you know you probably already saw that
comparison we saw that picture forever
ago but suit looks great I mean we see
in this suit so many times before that I
don't really want to talk about it too
much but it looks it just looks bright
it's all that matters like the chess
pieces like the first thing you see I
don't even look at the face even though
it's not the asshole face I look
directly at the chest piece and that's
all I want to see you know he's a symbol
of hope so that's all I got for you
today there's going to be tons of DC
news I think we're going to get some
Suicide Squad I think we're actually
going to get a batman v superman sizzle
reel and the Suicide Squad sizzle reel
because like the kind of were already
released it's just we know we all didn't
get to see them I know there's going to
be a lot of
eztv news it's just gonna be filled
there's gonna be so much stuff so yeah
check out my channel for all that it's
pretty much all I got for you today
check out my channel for next few days I
still got batman arkham knight news for
you some free roam with some odd
characters the Arkham Knights podcast is
still on i uploaded the six-episode like
two days ago with k wings so definitely
check all that out but it's all I got
for you today I'll see you guys later
thank you for watching if you like to
see more videos click the annotation on
the screen by Twitter and Instagram or
in the description box down below if you
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you want more click that subscribe
button I'm Thomas mazzini comics and
I'll see you next time